Friends here our concept is how to install
Python three dot txt and moto three on Windows Server. Let me start that.
Here we are installing Python 3.1a,
0.4. but you can go with your favorite Python Watson si e to install your Python.
First you have to download it.
So we can download any required Python Watson from
official website called Python.org. Let me open that.
So here you just to go to downloads,
they are selective or operating system.
So as of now we are installing or Python on Windows.
Just click on that. See, we are having different types of Python versions here,
but we need Python three dot-dot-dot for.
Just scroll down somewhere,
you will find your Python three dot-dot-dot for.
So there's the python three dots, m dot four.
And here we are having different types of insulation procedures.
Now I am proceeding with web-based installer.
Very easy one, just click on that,
save the file, and open the file.
Double-click on that and select customize insulation.
Go with the next C.
By default, Python is installing in this location,
but I don't want to install in that location.
That's why I'm installing with customized option.
Then just, you see,
under C itself just to GW Python some directory name.
So I'll given this Python 37 then installed.
It will take some time and just wait for that.
Once it is installed,
we can verify a Python and pip three,
Washington, I'm in Python and pip machines will just wait further.
As of now, your Python is installing under C in this directory.
So once it is done, yet is almost done.
Just wait, yeah, close it.
Now, under C in this directory,
how your Python, but you can provide any path while installing your python.
That's fine.
No, let me open a command prompt and let me verify Python version.
You are not getting, let me verify p53 as well.
You are not getting right.
See, because once if we install your Python,
you have to a set path for your Python on p3,
on your Windows operating system.
So how to sit in case if you don't set the path,
you how to run always your Python scripts in this way.
C colon, I mean the complete Python interpreter path
c. This is the Python interpreter apart that is there in this location.
That's why in case if you don't add path of
your system paths always you have to run your Python in this way from your command line.
So instead of providing always complete path for your Python,
what we will do is we'll just add these path to
system path so that your system will automatically identify the Python location.
So for that, just to go to this pc and
rightly properties at once System Settings and environmental variables.
So here select a path and edit new,
providing the path for your Python interpreter.
Semi.
Now, open, close this terminal and then open your command prompt.
And now verify your Python version.
You are getting. Now let me check Python three as well.
Sorry, p53 as well.
It is not working for that also,
you have to add the path C that under Python 37 under Scripts, you how p53.
So take this path,
again, go with your properties of this PC.
Once System Settings and environment variables,
path Edit, new, provide the path of your PIP3.
Save it.
So open your command prompt and reopen your command prompt.
Now you can verify your Python and also p53.
Yes.
So once it is done, next,
obese you how to install your boat o3.
So to install your voter three is simply follow.
Pip3 installed b2, a3.
So simply I am running pip install voodoo three.
Make sure that while running this command,
you should have Internet connectivity.
So PIP3 installed 2.2.3.
That's it.
So actually voter three is not the default model for your python.
That's why we are installing.
So once it is installed,
we can verify that by importing in your Python C while installing your moto three,
it is also installing Bhutto core.
Because on the top of this Bhutto Koran lever Buddha U3 is dead.
So in order to install your boat u3 separately,
automatically, we will install while installing bow to three.
That's a so still it is taking sometime, just wait for that.
Yes, it has been installed.
So go to your Python tunnel.
Try to import Bhutto three.
Yes, it is that that's a simple way to install
your required Python version and u3 to work with AWS services using Python scripts.
Thank you.